Update ASB README to be relevant to ASB (#316)
AirSkyBoat/AirSkyBoat: README.md

# AirSkyBoat

> Welcome to AirSkyBoat, an open source server emulator for FFXI based off of the level 75 era. Our repository is a fork off of the parent project LandSandBoat, which you can find at https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server.

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome to AirSkyBoat, an open source server emulator for FFXI based off of the level 75 era. Our repository is a fork off of the parent project LandSandBoat, which you can find at https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server. The cutoff date for ASB changes is just before the level cap raise patch in June 2010.
```

[![base build status](https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server/actions/workflows/build.yml?query=base)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/LandSandBoat/server.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/LandSandBoat/server/alerts/)
[![Language grade: C/C++](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/cpp/g/LandSandBoat/server.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/LandSandBoat/server/context:cpp)

## Getting Started

A [quick start guide](https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide), the [frequently asked questions](https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server/-/wikis/Frequently-Asked-Questions), and a table of "[what works](https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server/wikis/What-Works)" are all available on [our wiki](https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server/wiki).

## Interacting with AirSkyBoat

### Crashes, bugs, obvious gameplay issues etc

#### Is your issue related to an era inaccuracy or a bug directly related to ASB content?

> Please search our [issues tab](https://github.com/LandSandBoat/server/issues) and if you do not see a similar issue, please create a new one.

Author: ```suggestion
Please search our [issues tab](https://github.com/AirSkyBoat/AirSkyBoat/issues) and if you do not see a similar issue, please create a new one.
```
